# Randomness
For those who are interested, this is how math works behind pseudorandom numbers in computer science.

  Randomness is impossible and a lie when seen by a mathematician, because nothing can in fact be truly random. To fix that, we create what we call pseudorandom numbers. Pseudorandom numbers are exactly what it sounds, a number which is not random, but humanly feels like one, as it is impossible for a "normal person" to predict it whitout the necessary information to do so.
  Pseudorandom numbers can be achieved in a lot of different ways, since nature is full of it, being in a die or even in particles in the atmosphere. But for a computer scientist the easiest way would always be to use a formula which increments a number that is never going to have the same characteristics from before the incrementation in a specific order.
  Most scientist when working with randomness use this formula: Xn = (A * Xn₋₁ + C) % M. "X" is refered as being the solution and its value must be stored for later use. If you restart the variable "X" to the same number from the first time, you will get the same result and that would be predictable (which means, not pseudorandom). The variable X₀ must be an odd number (I started with the number 7 but the best coders use large prime numbers, so that the consumer would not try to guess it and predict the pattern). All variables should follow this pattern: M > X > A > C > 0. "M" must be a power of 2, usually 2³² or 2⁶⁴ (I used 2³², but the bigger should be better but you will have to pick the right A and C values). "A" is commonly refered as "The multiplier" and its purpose is mainly to increment "X" to a new number which when "remained" to "M", won't turn to an even number, but most importantly than that, won't turn to a predictable number. So its value must be prime and one of these two: A ≡ 3 (mod 8) or A ≡ 5 (mod 8). "C" is not needed and its function is to change the next incremention to one that has no coordenation from the last one, does not help our tecnique (Lhemer's random generation theory) and changing its value from different than 0 may not work as intended.
  The random number in fact is yet not the value of "X" but it is contained inside of its value, the position in it is what changes from code to code, and that depends completely in which value of "A" was used, if "A ≡ 3 (mod 8)" then its position will be bit 1, if "A ≡ 5 (mod 8)" then its position will be bit 2. All values must follow strict patterns but should be chosen based on the coder's experience and preference.
  
  Fonts: Lhemer's random generation theory (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lehmer_random_number_generator); 
         Basics of random generation (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Random_number_generation#Computational_methods);
         How linear congruential generation works (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_congruential_generator)
